Add account and addresses how-tos (#447)
iotaledger/iota-sdk: documentation/sdk/docs/how_tos/accounts_and_addresses/list_transactions.mdx

---
title: List Transactions
description: 'How to list transactions'
image: /img/logo/iota_mark_light.png
keywords:
- how to
- list transactions
- nodejs
- python
- rust
---

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";
import RustCode from "!!raw-loader!../../../../../sdk/examples/how_tos/accounts_and_addresses/list_transactions.rs";
import NodejsCode from "!!raw-loader!../../../../../bindings/nodejs/examples/how_tos/accounts_and_addresses/list_transactions.ts";
import PythonCode from "!!raw-loader!../../../../../bindings/python/examples/how_tos/accounts_and_addresses/list_transactions.py";

> This How-To will show you how to list all list_transactions of an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This How-To will show you how to list all transactions of an account.
```

This How-To will show you how to list all transactions of an account.

:::tip Sync Options

> If you want to list incomming or pending transactions you need to specify that in your `sync` call. 

Reviewer: For pending transactions you don't need to specify anything

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to list incoming transactions you need to specify that in your `sync` call. 
```

Transactions for outputs that you synced before with other sync options, will not be requested later.

> Also one Transactions that aren't pruned on the point of syncing will be listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also only transactions that weren't pruned on the point of syncing will be listed.
```

Author: lel 😆 I should think while writing 😅
